How could this be?
Master
Although Qingmei Mei manages her family well
Caused the princes to commit suicide
But his attacks on the battlefield
That's for real.
You can't do it for a nobody
Just deny all his achievements?
I still have the heart to plead for others
You four
Recycle Ares Order
Within a year
It is not allowed to use the power of any god of war
Come and apologize to His Holiness
Then go back to the Temple of Heaven and destroy the four kingdoms
Shi Ze
I don't agree even if he's not fat
It's a conflict at the bottom.
He relied on
It's priceless.
Why did he press me Lei Tingfeng
Why should he let me kneel down for him?
I fought all my life
Countless contributions
It all depends on the treatment of the master
Master made me face the wall and think
No doubt but my knees are black
Never snakes for the weak
So is my wolf
He wants me to apologize to him
What is it?
A nest like this
I just squeezed it to death. If it's not a thousand, it's eight hundred.
Why should he
forget
Kill him in one fell swoop
Are you trying to piss off your deity?
Yes
Is that just a redemption?
No offense to you at all
Why are you laughing?